README.md, before:

# bootshort README

BootShort uses easeOfUse Method to Write Bootstrap and Html Codes.The Snippets are Under development you can check out the Commands below to use the available snippets.

## Features

<------------ Snippet Commands ---------->

-   @boot-init -------> Creates White Html Starter Template.
-   @boot-dinit -------> Creates Dark Html Starter Template.
-   @boot-nav -------> Creates White Navbar Template.
-   @boot-dnav -------> Creates Dark Navbar Template.
-   @boot-pnav -------> Creates Primary Navbar Template.
-   @boot-car -------> Creates Light Carousal Template.
-   @boot-dcar -------> Creates Dark Navbar Template.

## Instructions

-   --> Click Install to download and install the Extension.
-   --> Restart vs Code for changes to take place.
-   --> Go to The Extension Menu to Verify the Installation.
-   --> If Installed properly " Create a Html file and type '@boot-init' "

## Requirements

---------------> vs code <----------------

## Extension Settings

disclaimer! : No Customization Needed to run "BootShort" Snippets.

## Known Issues

-   If Formatting do not Work just Install "Prettier" Extension to get formatted.

## Release Notes

Fist Version of "BootShort" with limited snippets.Will be Updated Shortly.

### 1.0.0

    Initial release of ---BootShort---

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

BootShort V 1.0.1 with minor updates and form snippets,Footers

README.md, after:

# bootshort README

BootShort uses easeOfUse Method to Write Bootstrap and Html Codes.The Snippets are Under development you can check out the Commands below to use the available snippets.

## Features

<------------ Snippet Commands ---------->

-   ## Page Starters
-   @boot-init -------> Creates White Html Starter Template.
-   @boot-dinit -------> Creates Dark Html Starter Template.
-   @boot-meta ------->Creates basic Meta Tag Components.
-   @boot-ameta -------> Creates Advanced Meta Tags used for SEO.
-   @boot-cpfoot -------> Creates a Basic Copyright Content footer.
-   @boot-dcpfoot -------> Creates a Basic Dark Copyright Content Footer.
-   @boot-flink -------> Links Fontawesome // use on head Section

-   ## Navbar
-   @boot-nav -------> Creates White Navbar Template.
-   @boot-dnav -------> Creates Dark Navbar Template.
-   @boot-pnav -------> Creates Primary Navbar Template.

-   ## Carousal
-   @boot-car -------> Creates Light Carousal Template.
-   @boot-dcar -------> Creates Dark Navbar Template.

-   ## Forms
-   @boot-form -------> Creates a Full Fledged Form with Validation
-   @boot-dform -------> Creates a Full Fledged Dark Form with Validation

## Instructions

-   --> Click Install to download and install the Extension.
-   --> Restart vs Code for changes to take place.
-   --> Go to The Extension Menu to Verify the Installation.
-   --> If Installed properly " Create a Html file and type '@boot-init' "

-   ## Downloading From Git Repository
-   --> Clone And Download the Repository to Your Machine.
-   --> Unzip The Folder and Place The folder "Bootshort" in the path: 'C:\Users\userName\.vscode\extensions'.
-   --> Restart VS Code For Changes To take Place.

## Requirements

---------------> Only VS Code <----------------

## Extension Settings

disclaimer! : No Customization Needed to run "BootShort" Snippets.

## Known Issues

-   If Formatting do not Work just Install "Prettier" Extension to get formatted.

## Release Notes

Version 1.0.1 of "BootShort" with limited snippets.Will be Updated Shortly.

### 1.0.0

    Initial release of ---BootShort---

### 1.0.1

-   Added Fontawesome Links with small snippet command.
-   Added Production Ready Meta Tags that can be used for SEO.
-   Added Footer for Copy Right Contents.
-   forms Snippets has been added.
-   some minor updation on certain Snippets.

**Enjoy!**
